# Process

Our team worked and communicated well for this sprint. We organized our team utilizing Piazza, and through our tutorials. We also used Discord as our main form of communication which allowed us to coordinate meetings and discuss ideas regarding our project. Making decisions also went fairly smoothly. For example for the decision regarding which product we were going to be working on, we had a brief meeting on Discord to discuss this. We took turns suggesting which products would be interesting to work on and were able to narrow down the list of projects to two candidates: amorr and BipoX+. We then took some time to reflect on the two products, and took a vote, which lead to unanimous decision to work on the amorr product. Similarly, we took suggestions regarding the name of our group/product, and voted on the name eBeauty. Overall, making decisions as a group went well by having each of us express our ideas, and then talking over the options. As such, we plan to continue with something similar for future sprints. 


As a group, we met about 3 times a week. This was sufficient as we were able to cover all the topics we were required to during our meeting as we were prepared before hand. Such preparations were evident with our meeting with the product owner. We had all individually prepared a list of questions before hand to ask the product owner. This lead to a productive meeting which answered all of the questions we initially had. In addition, we communicated effectively through Discord messages which were met with timely replies. We plan to continue having meetings about 3 times a week for the upcoming sprints, and will adjust accordingly.
Moving on to the next phase, we think we should work on how we plan to divide the work up in a reasonable way. For this sprint it was not very difficult as the deliverables were not very "heavy." However upcoming sprints will require more work/effort as we are actually implementing features. We may decide to develop some system to determine how difficult a task is, and go from there. In the end, our group will try to split the work up evenly, and if some tasks are too diffuclt we will assist each other. 


